---
layout: component 
title:  "User Lookup"
subheadline:  "Lookup the users configured in Transact Manager"
teaser: "The client-side composer block talks to a Dynamic Data service (provided in this package) to lookup users with matching search term."
categories:
    - TM
tags:
    - TM
    - Users
header:
    background-color:  "#304558"
---

###Name: User Lookup 
Description: This custom block component lets you lookup the users configured in Transact Manager. The client-side composer block talks to a Dynamic Data service (provided in this package) to lookup users with matching search term.

The search can be done on following fields for a given user object.

- Login name
- First/Given name
- Last name
- Email address


The matching search results will be displayed in an auto-suggest text field and the user can select an entry. The selected user's details will be stored in a hidden XML node which then can be used to drive further form logic.


## Installation Steps - ##
1. Import the contents of 'Composer-custom-block-GroupLookup.xml' file into your composer environment. This xml file contains the custom block definition so import it against the organisation of your choice.
2. Import the 'TM-daynamic-data-service-GroupsLookup.zip' into Service Definitions section of Transaction Manager. This zip file contains the definition of 'Users Lookup' service that the composer component will call. This service is of type 'Dynamic Data'

## Develop & Test - ##
* Once the composer and TM services are imported then open your form.
* You'll find 'TM User Lookup - Autocomplete textfield' block under 'Transaction Manager' category in composer widget palette.
* Drag and drop this block to your form section and deploy the form to the environment where you imported the supplied Dynamic Data service.
* Type a value from any of the above metioned user attributes (eg. email address, first name etc)  and matching users will be shown in the auto-suggest list.
* Select a desired user and save the form.
* The saved form's XML will show you the user details in <SelectedUser> and <SelectedUserDetails> elements.